Problem Introduction and Description: Given a list of integers find the Maximum and also find a given
hidden key integer randomly placed in 2 different locations in the list. The list will be in a text file you
generate. You populate your file with positive integers. You may use any form of inter-process
communication (IPC) to partition the file/array into chunks and distribute work to more than one processes
(if there are multiple ones) (e.g., pipes, signals, or additional (perhaps more sophisticated) inherent
process system calls).

In order for all of you to be tested on the same hidden keys, placed in exactly the same locations, you
should use 3 hidden keys in your file. The hidden keys will be 3 negative integers (assume all are – 50)
placed in the following locations in your lists:
sizeof(list elements)/4, sizeof(list elements)/2, sizeof(list elements) x 3/4.
This is how you construct the list of elements but then during manipulation you “forget” about where the
hidden keys are located. The only information that you keep is that you are looking for 3 such elements of
value -50.

Objective: Use multiple processes and different process layout strategies, and IPC to speed up your
searching on the Maximum element and speed up the identification of the three hidden elements. Again,
in your search you assume that you do not know where these three hidden keys are. What is the optimal
number of processes that help you do the job faster? You will compare against having a single process to
do the work. You should also identify which processes (which pids) are the ones that locate the hidden
keys.

Remark: Record the time it takes for each of the programs to run and comment on your observations. Try
it on lists of size 1k, 10k,100k, 1M.
Hint: You should first load the file into an array then start working on the data.

Input Format:
Input will be in a text file. Each integer will be separated by a newline character (\n).
Exp:
100
20
35

Output Format: You should print out the results in a text file. Every process that is created should print
out their own process id and their parent’s process id. Then once you have computed the final max and
hidden keys, you will print those out. Please follow this format:
Hi I’m process 2 and my parent is 1.
Hi I’m process 3 and my parent is 2.
Hi I’m process 4 and my parent is 2.
Max=50
 Hi I am process 3 and I found the hidden key in position A[65].
Hi I am process 7 and I found the hidden key in position A[123].
Hi I am process 12 and I found the hidden key in position A[204].
